Source: https://www.zenregen.com/pages/aesthetic-skin-services/chemical-peels/
Scraped: 2026-03-09T18:11:08.725Z
------------------------------------------

MAIN CONTENT (Alt tags and videos are marked):

Aesthetic Services CALL NOW Back

[IMAGE: no alt text]
Chemical Peels Chemical Peels – these treatments vary in-depth and are designed to rapidly exfoliate the skin to improve texture, hyperpigmentation, fine lines, and acne. These are quick, cost-effective treatments that can yield dramatic results and help your skincare products penetrate better. Benefits include: Reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles Improves the appearance of scarring Treats acne Reduces age spots, hyperpigmentation, and sun damage Improves tone and texture Schedule your consultation with Zen ReGen in Sacramento, CA, to see if Chemical Peels are right for you! At Zen ReGen, our mission is to help people feel their best with the most effective treatments available. Let’s work together! CALL NOW Preparing For Your Treatment What is a Chemical Peel? A chemical peel is a technique used to improve and smooth the texture of the skin. Facial skin is mostly treated, and scarring can be improved. Chemical peels are intended to remove the outermost layers of the skin. To accomplish this task, the chosen peel solution induces a controlled injury to the skin. Pre-Treatment Stop using Accutane 1 year prior to the treatment. Stop any type of exfoliating treatment(s) to the area of treatment, 7 days prior and after your peel. AHA/BHA peels: You can combine them with any type of facial or microdermabrasion treatments. Stop applying Retin-A, Renova, Tazorac and Differin 7 days prior to treatment. For 2-4 weeks prior to treatment, avoid sun exposure, as well as tanning beds and tanning creams. Use a broad-spectrum (UVA/UVB) sunblock SPF 50 or greater when the treatment area is exposed to the sun. If you are tanned, you will not be treated. Stop any type of depilatory treatments (waxing, depilatory creams) to the area of treatment, 2 weeks prior to treatment. Stop laser treatments 2 weeks prior to treatment. Post-Treatment When cleansing, do not scrub. We recommend ZO Gentle Cleanser 12-24 hours after your peel and continue the use daily in the morning and at night. With chemical peels, your skin may start to peel 3 days after the treatment and continue to peel for 2-4 more days. Your skin may or may not peel. If you don’t peel, this does not mean that you got a subpar treatment. Each peel and each individual is different. Do not peel, pick or scratch the treated area, as this may result in scarring. Apply Aquaphor or a product recommended by your provider to dry, flaky areas. Do not have any other facial treatments for at least 2 weeks after your peel or until the skin is smooth and back to normal. Do not wax or use depilatory creams for 2 weeks after your peel. Do not have any laser treatments for 2 weeks after your peel. Avoid sun exposure for 2-4 weeks post treatment. Always wear your sunscreen with SPF 30 or higher. We recommend ZD Sunscreen or ZO Sunscreen and Primer SPF.

[IMAGE: no alt text]
Are You Ready To Schedule Your Unique Journey? CALL NOW FAQ What is a Chemical Peel? A chemical peel is a technique used to improve and smooth the texture of the skin. Facial skin is mostly treated and scarring can be improved. Chemical peels are intended to remove the outermost layers of the skin. To accomplish this task, the chosen peel solution induces a controlled injury to the skin. What do Chemical Peels do? Chemical peel treatments vary in-depth and rapidly exfoliate the skin to improve texture, hyperpigmentation, fine lines, and acne. These are quick, cost-effective treatments that can yield dramatic results and help your skincare products penetrate better. Is there downtime? After a medium or deep peel, you will have downtime. A deep chemical peel requires recuperation at home for 2 to 3 weeks. When will I see the results? Once your skin heals, you will see the results. Healing time ranges from 1 day for a refreshing or lunchtime peel to 14 days or longer for a deep peel. To get the results you seek from a refreshing peel or lunchtime peel, you may need to have 3 to 5 peels. How long will the results last? Most results are not permanent because our skin continues to age. If you have lots of sun-damaged skin or precancerous skin growths called AKs, you will likely continue to see new spots and growths on your skin. When is it safe to have another chemical peel? To maintain results, you can repeat mild and medium chemical peels. Your dermatologist can tell you how often you can have a repeat treatment.