Source: https://www.zenregen.com/pages/cosmetic-dermatology-skin-services/kybella/
Scraped: 2026-03-09T18:11:12.653Z
------------------------------------------

MAIN CONTENT (Alt tags and videos are marked):

Cosmetic Services CALL NOW Back

[IMAGE: no alt text]
Kybella Kybella is the use of injections directly into the mesoderm to treat small fat pocket accumulation locally. Kybella is injected into the under-chin area to improve your profile. The results of Kybella are not immediate. A series of treatments may be required to achieve optimal results, occurring no sooner than every month. Benefits of Kybella may include: It can help reduce the appearance of a double chin (submental fullness) Can give you a younger and learner appearance A non-invasive process with little to no downtime Results within 4-6 weeks Long-lasting results -Schedule your consultation with Zen ReGen in Sacramento, CA, to see if Kybella treatments are right for you! At Zen Regen, our mission is to help people feel their best with the most effective treatments available. -Let’s work together! CALL NOW Preparing For Your Treatment What is Kybella? KYBELLA® is administered as a series of injections to the treatment area under the chin, destroying fat cells and producing gradual results. The number of treatment sessions will vary based on the amount of fat under the chin and your treatment goals Pre-Treatment Avoid Willow Bark or Ginko Biloba supplements for at least 10 days prior to treatment. Avoid Aspirin, Vitamin E, anti-inflammatory drugs such as Motrin, Advil, or Aleve for at least 5 days prior to treatment. Try to limit caffeine intake in the 24 hours before your treatment. If you take any prescription stimulants, do not take them on the day of treatment. Do not use any lotions, creams, bath oils, or sprays on the areas to be treated. Take Arnica tablets for 3 days before and continuing for 7 days after your procedure to help minimize bruising and swelling. It’s important to be hydrated the day of your treatment. Post-Treatment You may go back to work immediately. Avoid hot baths or showers for at least 48 hours. It’s important to remain hydrated each day until all your treatments are finished. No hot tubs (over 102 degrees) or saunas for at least 2 weeks after treatment. No vigorous exercise for 48 hours. Continue to use Arnica for 7 days after your procedure to help minimize bruising and swelling. Do not use any other creams or lotions on treated areas for 48 hours. Wear loose fitting clothes for at least 48 hours after treatment. Avoid casual sunbathing for 48 hours and no tanning beds for 2 weeks. After that, proper and frequent application of sunscreen is very important. The sunscreen should offer broadband protection (UVA and UVB) and have a sun protection factor (SPF) of 30 or more. Remember, bruising may last for 14 days or more after treatment. Avoiding the medications and herbals mentioned above may help reduce bruising.

[IMAGE: no alt text]
Are You Ready To Schedule Your Unique Journey? CALL NOW FAQ What is Kybella? Kybella is a prescription, FDA-approved medication used to improve the appearance of stubborn fat below the chin, frequently referred to as a ‘double chin.’ Kybella is the only FDA-approved injectable treatment that destroys fat cells under the chin’s treatment area to improve your profile. Who is a good candidate for Kybella injections? Kybella injections are generally recommended for individuals at least 18 years of age who are concerned about the appearance of submental fullness. Submental fullness can affect anyone regardless of their lifestyle choices, age, or weight. This condition is often a result of genetics. As a result, you will probably be considered an excellent candidate if you lead a healthy lifestyle. When will you see results from Kybella? You will notice a difference after about four to six weeks. After completing the recommended number of Kybella treatments in about eight weeks, you should see optimal results. Are the Kybella fat treatments permanent? Yes, it is! Kybella permanently eliminates fat cells under your chin, preventing new ones from forming. What are the ingredients in the injections? The active ingredient in KYBELLA® is synthetic deoxycholic acid. Deoxycholic acid is a naturally occurring molecule in the body that aids in the breakdown and absorption of dietary fat. When injected into the fat beneath the chin, KYBELLA® destroys fat cells, and once destroyed, these cells can no longer store or accumulate fat. This results in a noticeable reduction in fullness under the chin, revealing an improved chin profile. Are the treatments painful? The procedure has minimal discomfort, but if a patient is sensitive to needles, local anesthetic or numbing cream can be used. How long do the benefits last? Patients who make a commitment to maintaining a healthy diet and lifestyle following treatment should see long lasting results. Some patients may desire maintenance every 6-12 months.