Source: https://zenregen.influx-dev.com/cosmetic-dermatology/fotona-scar-streacth-mark-revesion/
Scraped: 2026-03-09T18:11:15.192Z
------------------------------------------

MAIN CONTENT (Alt tags and videos are marked):

(916) 936-1231 Book Now Cosmetic Services Fotona Scar & Stretch Mark Revision

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Woman undergoing a facial treatment with laser device.]
Fotona Scar & Stretch Mark Revision The Fotona provides a minimally invasive option for laser scar-revision treatment. Lasers are well suited for the effective treatment of scar tissue. We can treat acne scars, surgical scars, hypertrophic scars, stretch marks, and more. This treatment improves the aesthetic appearance and overall tissue quality of a scar, including erythema, volume, and pliability. CALL NOW

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Woman holding a blue and silver object.]
Preparing For Your Treatment What are Ablative Laser Treatments? An ablative laser treatment removes the thin outer layer of skin (epidermis) and heats the underlying skin (dermis), which stimulates the growth of new collagen fibers. As the epidermis heals and regrows, the treated area appears smoother and tighter. Cold Sores: If you have a history of cold sores, ask us about pre-care instructions Pre-Treatment It is important to follow all instructions as directed by your physician. You will need to get the following supplies for this post treatment: Moisturizing occlusive ointment: Aquaphor is preferred, but Vaseline will work too Gentle skin cleanser. We recommend ZO Gentle Cleanser Ice/cold packs A broad-spectrum (UVA/UVB) sunblock SPF 50 or greater for post-treatment For the one month prior to treatment, avoid sun exposure, as well as tanning beds and tanning creams. Use a broad-spectrum (UVA/UVB) sunblock SPF 50 or greater when the treatment area is exposed to the sun. If you are tanned, you will not be treated. On the day of treatment it is important that you clean the area to be treated. If your face and neck are being treated, you should be clean-shaven before the procedure If your face or neck is being treated, wear a button-down shirt. If you wear contacts, do not wear them on treatment day; bring your eyeglasses instead. Post-Treatment Skin care after each laser treatment must be thoroughly followed. Please follow all instructions carefully! Failure to do so will increase the probability of developing complications. During the first 24 hours post treatment: Use ice/cold packs every two hours for 20 minutes maximum for swelling and discomfort. Cover treated areas with a moisturizing ointment every two hours. Keep your head elevated by using two or more pillows when lying down. You can continue to use ice/cold packs (20 minutes on; then 20 minutes off) as needed for swelling and discomfort. If applicable, continue taking all medications as directed by your physician. If necessary, you may take acetaminophen for pain relief. Your skin may feel sensitive and may appear red, pixilated, pigmented and/or swollen depending on the treatment. The treated area may itch. Continue to keep treated areas covered with a moisturizing ointment every 3-4 hours. This will decrease the healing time and minimize discomfort such as itching. Begin gently cleaning the skin twice a day with a gentle cleanser. Do not scrub the treated area. Re-apply occlusive ointment after each wash. Avoid sun exposure for a few weeks. Use a broad-spectrum (UVA/UVB) sunblock SPF 50 or greater when the treatment area is exposed to the sun. If possible, cover the treated area with clothing or use a brimmed hat to reduce sun exposure. Keep all follow up appointments, so your provider can assess how the treatment is progressing. After 24 hours, normal activities may resume per level of comfort. However, no swimming or using hot tubs/whirlpools while redness is present, usually for at least 5-7 days. Once you feel comfortable and healed, a normal routine can be resumed. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to call us at (916) 936-1231.

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Green plant leaves with shadows on a wall]
Are You Ready To Schedule Your Unique Journey? CALL NOW