Source: https://www.zenregen.com/pages/cosmetic-dermatology-skin-services/laser-skin-resurfacing/
Scraped: 2026-03-09T18:11:16.734Z
------------------------------------------

MAIN CONTENT (Alt tags and videos are marked):

Cosmetic Services CALL NOW Back

[IMAGE: no alt text]
Laser Skin Resurfacing In Sacramento The Fraxel DUAL Laser is a safer, more effective form of traditional CO2. It is a clinically proven, effective way to even out the texture of the skin, treat surface imperfections, and minimize scars, wrinkles, and pore size. Another option is our Clear and Brilliant. This is an effective lunch break treatment that helps improve overall tone and texture, leaving you with a youthful, more radiant glow. Please schedule a consultation with one of our wonderful providers to determine which treatment would be best for you. Benefits include: Smother, younger-looking skin Helps with fine lines and wrinkles Minimizes the appearance of surface scarring Diminishes the appearance of brown spots Improves the appearance of sun damage Can be used to treat Actinic Keratosis (AKs) Schedule your consultation with Zen ReGen in Sacramento, CA, to see if Laser Skin Resurfacing treatments are right for you! At Zen ReGen, our mission is to help people feel their best with the most effective treatments available. CALL NOW Preparing For Your Treatment What are Non-Ablative Laser Treatments? Non-ablative skin rejuvenation uses a laser to improve the appearance of wrinkles, brown spots and minor scars by creating heat in the skin without injuring the surface of the skin. They are less invasive than ablative treatments and work by heating up the targeted tissue, without actually destroying it. Pre-Treatment Avoid Sun for 4-6 Weeks Before Treatment: Tan skin cannot be treated with a Vbeam device as you risk burning the skin. Wear broad-spectrum sun protection with SPF 30 or higher on any exposed area every day. Do not use any retinol products (or products containing tretinoin) or exfoliants on the area to be treated for one week. Avoid Accutane (or isotretinoin products) for 6 months prior. Let your doctor know if you have a history of hyperpigmentation. Photosensitizing medications including doxycycline and minocycline should be discontinued 3 days prior to the treatment. Check with your prescribing doctor before discontinuing. Anticipate a social “down-time” of 3-5 days before any redness, swelling has subsided. What to Expect The intensity and duration of your side effects depends on how aggressive the treatment is and your individual healing characteristics, but usually can last up to a few days after treatment. Swelling: You will notice most of the swelling the first morning after treatment, particularly under the eyes. Swelling usually lasts 3-5 days. To minimize swelling apply cold compresses to the treatment area for 10 minutes every hour. Sleep elevated the first night. Use as many pillows as you can tolerate. Taking antihistamines (Claritin or Zyrtec) for 5 days may also decrease swelling Redness: Most redness resolves within the first couple of days, but a rosy ‘glow’ can remain for a couple of weeks. Pain: Tylenol may be taken to reduce pain if necessary. Crusting/Scabbing: If a crusting or scabs develop, allow it to fall off on its own. Do not pick at the area. Keep the area hydrated until the crust falls off. Post-Treatment The sunburned feeling and swelling usually last 1-3 days. Applying ice will give relief and reduce the swelling duration. After 24 hours, start cleansing with ZO gentle cleanser and hydrate with the product that is recommended by your provider. Do not scrub the skin and avoid hot water during this time. Makeup can be applied the next day (if the skin is not broken); However, makeup can make the skin look worse so you may find that just keeping your skin hydrated is ideal. Avoid the sun for 4 to 6 weeks. Wear broad-spectrum sun protection with SPF 30 or higher on any exposed area every day. We recommend ZD’s SPF or ZO’s Sunscreen and Primer SPF. Avoid excessive heat or friction to the treated area (heavy exercise, saunas) for 48-72 hours. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to call us at (916) 936-1231.

[IMAGE: no alt text]
Are You Ready To Schedule Your Unique Journey? CALL NOW FAQ What is laser skin resurfacing? Laser skin resurfacing is a facial laser treatment used to create a more youthful, healthy appearance. Resurfacing lasers can help to treat facial blotches, scarring, wrinkles, and fine lines, making them less noticeable. How does laser skin resurfacing work? Laser skin resurfacing works by removing layers of the skin and allowing for new skin cells to grow and heal. This allows for the reduction of these facial blemishes. What to expect during the laser skin resurfacing treatment? With our two laser devices and processes, laser skin resurfacing is an incredibly quick, easy, and non-invasive process. Spot treatments take about half an hour, while a full facial skin resurfacing treatment can take about 2 hours. What to expect after the laser skin resurfacing treatment? After the procedure, we will bandage your face, and after 24 hours, you will have to clean the areas, apply special ointment and treat the affected skin. You may experience some swelling after the procedure, and this is completely normal. Additionally, you might continue to feel some slight itching and stinging up to 3 days after the procedure, and up until seven days after, you will notice dryness and peeling. Will I have any recovery time after my laser skin resurfacing treatment? Overall, recovery from laser skin resurfacing takes between 10 days to 3 weeks – we recommend staying away from harsh cosmetics for a few months after the procedure and keeping it moisturized.