Source: https://www.zenregen.com/pages/aesthetic-skin-services/cool-sculpting/
Scraped: 2026-03-09T18:11:20.074Z
------------------------------------------

MAIN CONTENT (Alt tags and videos are marked):

Aesthetic Services CALL NOW Back

[IMAGE: no alt text]
CoolSculpting The CoolSculpting fat-freezing technology is a non-surgical solution to reduce stubborn fat pockets. This technology is FDA-cleared to treat nine different body areas – visibly reducing fat under the chin and jawline areas, abdomen and flanks, thighs, bra fat, back fat, underneath the buttocks, and upper arms. Fat freezing happens through a process called cryolipolysis, which uses cold temperature to break down fat cells. Because fat cells are particularly susceptible to cold, the fat cells freeze, but the skin and other structures surrounding the fat cells are left uninjured. The body gradually eliminates the injured fat cells over a 4 to 6 months process. CoolSculpting fat freezing is one of the most popular non-surgical fat reduction treatments, with hundreds of thousands of procedures performed worldwide, and it does not require any anesthesia. CoolSculpting is not considered a weight-loss treatment and is best suitable for individuals who are at their ideal weight and looking to get rid of stubborn fat in one or more of the FDA-cleared areas. Benefits include: Clinically proven fat reduction Zero downtime and recovery Easy, painless procedures without the need for anesthesia Noticeable results within 4-6 months Schedule your consultation with Zen ReGen in Sacramento, CA, to see if Coolsculpting is right for you! At Zen ReGen, our mission is to help people feel their best with the most effective treatments available. Let’s work together! CALL NOW Preparing For Your Treatment What is CoolSculpting? CoolSculpting uses freezing temperatures (cryolipolysis) to break down fat cells. Cold does not damage other cells in the way it does fat cells, and so there should be no damage to the skin or underlying tissue. During the procedure, the practitioner vacuums the skin above the area of fatty tissue into an applicator that cools the fat cells. The cold temperatures numb the area after a few minutes, but some people report feeling a mild burning sensation until that point. Pre-Treatment Wear loose and comfortable clothing to your CoolSculpting® appointment. Be sure you are properly hydrated before your treatment. Ensure that the treatment area is clean and free from any cuts, wounds, or lesions. Remove all jewelry or piercings from the area(s) to be treated. Ensure you are not pregnant. Be prepared to have photos and weight taken prior to each session. Post-Treatment Typically, there is minimal discomfort and recovery time after the CoolSculpting® procedure. Most patients are able to return to their daily routine immediately afterwards. You may experience one or more of the following sensations: deep itching, tingling, numbness, tenderness to the touch, pain in the treated area, strong cramping, nausea, bloating, diarrhea, muscle spasms, aching and/or soreness. Consult your doctor if these conditions persist beyond two weeks or worsen over time. We recommend wearing compression garments (Ex: Spanx, or Under Armour) for 1-2 days after treatment, especially if the abdomen or flanks are treated. This may help alleviate pain and decrease swelling. This does not affect the treatment outcome. Give CoolSculpting time. Typically, it takes about 2-3 months for CoolSculpting to work its magic and for you to notice a reduction in the area treated. Immediately following treatment, it’s essential to relax, eat a healthy diet, and exercise moderately.

[IMAGE: no alt text]
Are You Ready To Schedule Your Unique Journey? CALL NOW FAQ What is CoolSculpting? CoolSculpting is an FDA-cleared, non-surgical method of eliminating stubborn body fat using controlled cooling. Am I a good candidate for CoolSculpting? Coolsculpting is for people who want to lose fat in specific areas. Unlike weight-loss surgery or gastric bypass, it does not lead to weight loss. Will I have any downtime after a CoolSculpting treatment? With CoolSculpting, most patients can resume their normal activities right away, since it is a non-invasive procedure. What happens during a treatment? During a treatment, the CoolSculpting device is pressed against the selected area of the body. The skin is drawn into a cup with mild pressure and the device begins to cool the area. The device is slowly moved over the entire treatment area to target the unwanted fat cells. Is CoolSculpting treatment painful? Patients may experience an intense cold sensation at first, but this should subside after a few minutes. There may also be mild pinching or pulling sensations during the treatment. It is very important that a deep massage is done for 3 minutes after the treatment is over. This massage may present some discomfort. When can patients see results after CoolSculpting? Initial results may be seen about 3 weeks after the initial treatment, continuing to improve for a few months. Some patients are advised to have multiple treatments in order to see optimal results. Are the results of CoolSculpting permanent? Once the destroyed fat cells are eliminated from the body, they do not return. However, significant weight gain can cause the remaining fat cells to enlarge, possibly jeopardizing the results of CoolSculpting. The best way to enjoy CoolSculpting results long term is to maintain a healthy diet and exercise regularly. If you are unsure how to maintain a healthy diet and exercise regimen, one of our holistic providers can consult with you.