Source: https://www.zenregen.com/pages/cosmetic-dermatology-skin-services/ipl-photofacials/
Scraped: 2026-03-09T18:11:16.092Z
------------------------------------------

MAIN CONTENT (Alt tags and videos are marked):

Cosmetic Services CALL NOW Back

[IMAGE: no alt text]
IPL Photofacials In Sacramento Palomar Icon is a therapeutic light technology that helps resolve hyperpigmentation (brown spots) caused by excessive melanin production. The Cynosure Icon is an industry-leading IPL that has the industry’s only live melanin reader. This is a safe and effective treatment. Benefits include: Treats sun damage and pigmentation issues Helps with stubborn acne Eliminates visible veins and capillaries Prevention of premature skin aging IPL treatments can address: Moles Lesion Rosacea Hair removal Varicose veins Freckles Sun and age spots CALL NOW Preparing For Your Treatment What is Intense Pulsed Light (IPL)? Intense Pulsed Light is a technology used by cosmetic and medical practitioners to perform various skin treatments for aesthetic and therapeutic purposes, including hair removal, photo rejuvenation, as well as to alleviate dermatologic diseases such as acne. Intense pulsed light (IPL) therapy, aka photofacial, is a way to improve the color and texture of your skin without surgery. It can undo some of the visible damage caused by sun exposure — called photoaging. You may notice it mostly on your face, neck, hands, or chest. Pre-Treatment A melanocyte suppressant, such as Hydroquinone, may be prescribed prior to your treatments. Use it as directed. Notify your provider if you are using any medications that make you photosensitive. Discontinue sun tanning, use of tanning beds and any application of sunless tanning products one month before your first treatment and throughout the treatment course (the change in color of your skin tone will adversely affect your desired outcome in the areas to be treated. Always use an SPF 30 or greater on all exposed treatment areas and reapply every 2 hours continuously throughout the day if outside. We recommend ZD’s Dry Sunscreen or ZO’s Sunscreen and Primer SPF. If you have a history of herpes outbreaks in the areas being treated, let us know. We recommend that you take Lysine 500mg daily for one week before the treatment and increase to 2 capsules 3x a day for 5 days if you have a flare up. We can also prescribe medications to prevent severe herpes outbreaks during your treatments. Treatment will not be administered on sunburned skin. Before your appointment avoid any creams, perfumes, deodorants, etc. in the areas being treated. Post-Treatment Apply cool pack [not frozen]
to the treated area immediately after treatment. The first five-days following treatment, care should be taken to prevent trauma to the treated site. Avoid hot baths, massage and exercising. If crusting occurs, avoid picking at it. Picking can cause scarring. Once the crusting falls off, the skin may be lighter or darker. This usually resolves over a few months. If blistering occurs and scabs appear, they should be kept hydrated with a lubricating cream such as Aquaphor. Occasionally, we may recommend a 1% hydrocortisone cream. Use as directed. We recommend moisturizing with SkinCeutical’s Epidermal Repair, Hydrabalm, or Ceramide 3 Lipid Replenisher after the first 24 hours and continue daily as needed. Avoid using skin irritants, Retin-A, Benzoyl Peroxide, Glycolic Acid, and astringents on the treated areas. Chemical peels can be done between treatments, but no sooner than 2 weeks after your IPL and 2 weeks prior to your next IPL. Proper and frequent application of sunscreen is very important. The sunscreen should offer broadband protection (UVA and UVB) and have a sun protection factor (SPF) of 30 or more. Tanning after treatment may cause hyperpigmentation. Fillers or other injectables should not be done within 1 week before/after treatment.

[IMAGE: no alt text]
Are You Ready To Schedule Your Unique Journey? CALL NOW FAQ What is an IPL Photofacial? This therapeutic light technology helps resolve hyperpigmentation (brown spots) caused by excessive melanin production. What is Intense Pulsed Light (IPL)? Intense Pulsed Light is a technology used by cosmetic and medical practitioners to perform various skin treatments for aesthetic and therapeutic purposes, including hair removal and photorejuvenation, as well as to alleviate dermatologic diseases such as acne. Intense pulsed light (IPL) therapy, aka photofacial, is a way to improve the color and texture of your skin without surgery. It can undo some of the visible damage caused by sun exposure — called photoaging. You may notice it mostly on your face, neck, hands, or chest. Does IPL hurt? The sensation during IPL treatment ranges from warmth to something like the sting of a rubber band snapping against your skin. Are the IPL results permanent? It may be possible to permanently rid yourself of hyperpigmentation problems by using IPL, depending on your lifestyle habits (sun exposure, skincare, use of sunblock, etc.). As you age, your skin retains its youthful appearance with IPL treatment. Your physician can estimate how long your IPL treatment will last based on your individual situation. How Is IPL Performed? We will apply a topical anesthetic to help with comfort. After the treatment area is numb, a gel will be applied, and a glass prism will then be placed over the gel and treatment area. An intense flash of light, or pulse, is beamed through the prism to the treatment area. How Many Treatments Will I Need? Typically, only a few treatments are needed. However, depending on the condition, several treatments may be necessary to achieve desired results. What Type Of Pigment Can Be Treatment? Laser light treatment is appropriate for treating age spots, sun damage, and freckles on the face, neck, chest, arms, hands, legs, and feet.