Source: https://zenregen.influx-dev.com/cosmetic-dermatology/microneedling/
Scraped: 2026-03-09T18:11:13.344Z
------------------------------------------

MAIN CONTENT (Alt tags and videos are marked):

(916) 936-1231 Book Now Cosmetic Services Microneedling

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Skin treatment using laser facial therapy.]
Microneedling Vivace Microneedle RF is a radiofrequency microneedling device that comes with FDA-cleared safety features. The procedure stimulates collagen growth and is shown to be effective in alleviating facial wrinkles and fine lines and tightening and toning the face and neck. We start with the best-in-class Vivace Microneedle RF device, designed for an incomparable, comfortable patient experience. We will provide you with a compounded numbing cream, the best available today, and a personalized recovery system will ensure no one knows you just had a treatment. The results are immediate and also improve over time, giving you the best of both worlds. Schedule your consultation with Zen ReGen in Sacramento, CA, to see if Microneedling is right for you! Let’s work together! CALL NOW

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Woman holding a blue and silver object.]
On this page Benefits What is Microneedling? FAQs Consultation

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Soft green palm leaves against a light background.]
Benefits Include: May help with acne Can reduce dark spots or patches (hyperpigmentation) Can reduce the size of pores Can reduce the appearance of scars Can help with sun damage May help reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles Preparing For Your Treatment What is Microneedling? Microneedling is a minimally-invasive non-surgical and non-ablative procedure for skin rejuvenation. This treatment involves the use of a microneedling device to stimulate collagen induction. As each fine needle punctures the skin, it creates a micro-wound. The controlled injury triggers the body to produce new collagen and elastin in the dermis. This treatment leads to reduction of scars and skin rejuvenation, i.e., improved skin texture, firmness, and hydration. This treatment can be done with or without radiofrequency and with or without platelet rich plasma (PRP) for added benefits. Pre-Treatment No Retin-A products or applications 3 days prior to your treatment. No auto-immune therapies or products 24 hours prior to your treatment. No prolonged sun exposure to the face 2 weeks prior to your treatment. A Microneedling treatment will not be administered on sunburned skin. On the day of the treatment, please keep your face clean and do not apply makeup. If you are taking a blood thinner, aspirin or any other medication that you have the propensity to bleed easily while on, please tell your provider. If you are under a physician’s care and need to discontinue your medication for a few days, always ask your physician prior to each Microneedling appointment. If you are planning to receive Botox, make sure that you give yourself at least 2 weeks post Botox injections before receiving your Microneedling procedure. What to Expect Please be advised that you may experience mild redness and erythema, pinpoint bleeding, bruising, peeling, or swelling for one to three days after treatment. You may apply an ice pack to the irritated area for one to two hours, in approximately 15 minutes intervals. Redness for 3 to 5 days is a common side effect. Post-Treatment No lotions, makeup or other products should be applied for 24 hours. It is important to keep your skin hydrated following your treatment. Proper and frequent application of sunscreen is very important. The sunscreen should offer broadband protection (UVA and UVB) and have a sun protection factor (SPF) of 30 or more. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to call us at (916) 936-1231.

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Green plant leaves with shadows on a wall]
Are You Ready To Schedule Your Unique Journey? CALL NOW Microneedling Frequently Asked Questions What does Microneedling do? Microneedling is a minimally-invasive procedure that uses small, fine needles to create a controlled, safe, surface skin injury. The process requires the needle to be repeatedly punctured into the skin. The result is a process that leads to cell growth and rejuvenation, working to reduce fine lines, wrinkles, scarring, pigmentation, and more. This process, however, is not permanent – results can last up to 6 months. What is the Vivace Microneedle RF device? The Vivace Microneedle RF device is the newest generation of radiofrequency microneedling and is FDA-cleared for your safety. This minimally-invasive treatment stimulates the natural production of collagen and is shown to be effective in alleviating facial wrinkles and fine lines along with the tightening and toning of the face and neck. The Microneedling procedure – What to expect We start with the best-in-class Vivace Microneedle RF device, designed for an incomparable, comfortable patient experience. We will provide you with a compounded numbing cream, the best available today, and a personalized recovery system will ensure no one knows you just had a treatment. The results are immediate and also improve over time, giving you the best of both worlds. Does Microneedling hurt? During the procedure, a local anesthetic is used to numb the skin, making the process relatively painless. However, after the procedure, patients may experience some slight discomfort. What conditions does Microneedling help? Microneedling can be used to help treat a lot of different things, such as fine lines and wrinkles, improve overall skin texture, and reduce pore size. It can also help with sun damage, scars, stretch marks, acne, and more. What is the procedure like? Before the procedure, we wash the treatment area, and then apply a topical numbing agent to ensure your comfort during the procedure. Once that takes effect, the procedure itself may range from 20 to 30 minutes, depending how big the area is Is it painful? Most patients report feeling just the slight vibration of the microneedle during the procedure. Depending on the depth, you may feel a slight discomfort, but it is tolerated well by most. How long do the results last? The results depend greatly on your current condition, how many treatments are administered, and your at-home skincare products to compliment the microneedling procedure. To maximize results, microneedling can be combined with other treatments including chemical peels, IPLs, and laser resurfacing. How many treatments do you need? It is recommended to have a minimum of 3 – 6 treatments, each treatment being 4 to 6 weeks apart for maximum benefit of the Microneedling. New collagen formation takes 3 to 6 months to develop. Please be patient. Once desired results are achieved, a maintenance treatment should be done every 3 to 4 months to maintain results. For body treatments, 6 to 10 treatments are recommended.