Source: https://zenregen.influx-dev.com/cosmetic-dermatology/laser-skin-tightening/
Scraped: 2026-03-09T18:11:17.605Z
------------------------------------------

MAIN CONTENT (Alt tags and videos are marked):

(916) 936-1231 Book Now Cosmetic Services Laser Skin Tightening

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Skincare treatment using a laser device.]
Laser Skin Tightening Fotona TightSculpting® is a unique dual-wavelength, non-invasive laser treatment for skin tightening and sculpting* on all body areas. Exclusive delivery modes are employed to destroy adipocytes via hyperthermia and remodel collagens simultaneously with exceptional outcomes. No consumables or downtime are required for this non-invasive alternative to laser lipolysis. CALL NOW

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Woman holding a blue and silver object.]
[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Green plant leaves with shadows on a wall]
Are You Ready To Schedule Your Unique Journey? CALL NOW Laser Skin Tightening Frequently Asked Questions What to expect from Skin Tightening? This makes it incredibly convenient for many patients. It also takes anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour to complete.That being said, it does take time to see results. As the process involves heating up deep levels of the skin and forcing them to regrow, it can take 6-12 months to see the full results of the procedure.Immediately after the procedure, patients may experience some slight wellness and swelling. But this will fade within a few days, if not hours. Does Skin Tightening hurt? As skin tightening is a non-invasive procedure, it is relatively painless. Patients, however, might experience some slight discomfort during the procedure. This pain does not last, and usually fades immediately after the process is complete. What does Skin Tightening do? Skin tightening is the process of reducing the signs of aging by tightening the skin without surgery. The skin tightening process works by using targeted energy to heat the deeper layers of the skin to stimulate the production of collagen and create a pathway for your body to rebuild itself. At Zen Dermatology, we utilize ThermiSmooth® to provide this tightening and rejuvenation.