Source: https://zenregen.influx-dev.com/longevity-medicine/infrared-sauna/
Scraped: 2026-03-09T18:11:19.758Z
------------------------------------------

MAIN CONTENT (Alt tags and videos are marked):

(916) 936-1231 Book Now Aesthetic Services Infrared Sauna

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Infrared sauna with purple lighting and wooden interior]
Infrared Sauna Infrared saunas increase body temperature, leading to a deeper, more detoxifying sweat at the cellular level, where many toxins reside. Infrared Sauna Therapy (IRT) has a wide range of therapeutic benefits in cells and tissues. In addition to reducing pain, IRT is also used to treat various medical conditions. It is a safe, effective method for managing pain without medication. The IRT process stimulates your immune, lymphatic, and cardiovascular systems by causing your body temperature to rise. As a result, you sweat profusely. Water in our bodies resonates with far-infrared heat, assisting our bodies in the detoxification process, besides triggering profuse sweating when infrared heat is applied. The body will experience the same warmth, circulation, and energy that only physical exercise can provide.

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Woman holding a blue and silver object.]
On this page Benefits FAQs Consultation

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Faint palm leaves against a light background.]
Benefits of an Infrared Sauna include: CALL NOW Increases metabolism Relieves muscle pain Weight loss Improves the skin Detoxification Increases circulation Improves heart health Lowers blood pressure Boosts the immune system Reduces stress Reduces fatigue Improves the appearance of cellulite Schedule your consultation with Zen ReGen in Sacramento, CA, to see if an Infrared Sauna is right for you! At Zen ReGen, our mission is to help people feel their best with the most effective treatments available.

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Green plant leaves with shadows on a wall]
Are You Ready To Schedule Your Unique Journey? CALL NOW Infrared Sauna Frequently Asked Questions What is an Infrared Sauna? Infrared light penetrates the several body inches and creates heat, which causes you to sweat on a cellular level. What does being inside of the Infrared Sauna feel like? It feels cozy, warm, and relaxing inside an Infrared Sauna. During the last ten minutes, your heart rate and sweating will increase, while your comfort level will not change. What should I do before my Infrared Sauna session? We recommend drinking plenty of water and eating a light meal before your session (but nothing heavy). How will I feel after being in an Infrared Sauna? After a sauna session, you’ll likely feel the same way you do after a workout. You’ll feel energized and better in no time, resulting in a productive afternoon and a restful night’s sleep.