Source: https://www.zenregen.com/pages/cosmetic-dermatology-skin-services/biostim-with-sculptra-and-radiesse/
Scraped: 2026-03-09T18:11:11.428Z
------------------------------------------

MAIN CONTENT (Alt tags and videos are marked):

Cosmetic Services CALL NOW Back

[IMAGE: no alt text]
Biostim With Sculptra And Radiesse Zen ReGen offers the latest in bio rejuvenation and biostimulatory treatments to help you achieve a more naturally youthful and radiant appearance. One of the most exciting developments in the minimally invasive anti-aging and aesthetic field is the use of hyperdilute Radiesse and Sculptra Aesthetic to stimulate collagen production, reverse the signs and underlying symptoms of aging and enhance your natural beauty. As we age, our skin and underlying tissues lose collagen and elastin, as well as structural support leading to an increase in wrinkles, sagging, loss of volume, fine lines, and a dull complexion. But with hyperdilute Radiesse and Sculptra Aesthetic, we can actively increase your body’s own collagen production and both prevent and reverse the signs of aging. So, what exactly is hyperdilute Radiesse and Sculptra Aesthetic? Both are injectable treatments that contain tiny particles of calcium hydroxylapatite (in the case of Radiesse) or poly-L-lactic acid, a polymer of lactic acid (in the case of Sculptra). When injected in small quantities, these biocompatible and biodegradable particles stimulate your body to produce new collagen and elastin, leading to smoother, firmer, and more youthful-looking skin. CALL NOW Preparing For Your Treatment Pre-Treatment To minimize the risk of infection, it is important to avoid dental work, including cleanings, for the 2 weeks before and after your treatment. If it is safe to do so, stop taking the following 1 week prior to appointment: Aspirin (Advil, Aleve, etc.), Ginkgo Biloba, garlic, flax oil, cod liver oil, vitamin A, Vitamin E and any other essential fatty acids. Taking Arnica up to 1 week prior to your appointment may help reduce bruising after appointment. Eating pineapple which contains bromelain can also help a few days prior to the procedure. Vitamin K containing foods such as green leafy vegetables can also be helpful. Avoid alcohol consumption for at least 48 hours prior to the treatment to reduce bruising. If you have a history of cold sores or fever blisters, inform your provider before the treatment, as they may recommend antiviral medication. Discuss any concerns or questions with your provider before the treatment. It is important to note that these instructions may vary depending on the specific treatment and the provider’s recommendations. Be sure to follow any instructions provided by your provider for the best possible results. If you have any concerns or questions before or after the treatment, don’t hesitate to contact Zen ReGen. Post-Treatment Immediately after your procedure your Zen ReGen provider will massage the area of treatment for several minutes. We ask that you do the same (gentle massage) to the area for about 5 minutes, 5 times a day for 5 days. Avoid any cosmetic procedures that may irritate the skin or manipulate the tissue in the treatment area (such as fractionally ablative lasers). Consider having these services done at least 1 week prior to treatment or wait 2 weeks after. Apply ice or a cold compress to the treated area to reduce swelling and discomfort, as needed. Sleep on an extra pillow so your head is elevated to reduce potential swelling Avoid strenuous exercise, saunas, and hot tubs for at least 24 hours after the treatment. If treating the buttocks, avoid prolonged sitting for a minimum of 48 hours. Avoid exposure to direct sunlight and use sunscreen with at least SPF 30 when outside. Do not consume alcohol or blood-thinning medications for at least 24 hours after the treatment. You may begin adding Gingko Biloba, garlic, flax oil, cod liver oil, vitamin A, vitamin E or any other essential fatty acids. You may wish to use bruise cream to help with bruising post treatment, which can be purchased at Zen ReGen. To minimize the risk of infection, it is important to avoid dental work, including cleanings, for the 2 weeks after your appointment. Follow any additional instructions provided by your provider for optimal results.

[IMAGE: no alt text]
Are You Ready To Schedule Your Unique Journey? CALL NOW FAQ What is biorejuvenation? Biorejuvenation is a non-surgical cosmetic treatment that uses Hyperdilute Radiesse or Sculptra Aesthetic to stimulate collagen production and improve the overall appearance (volume loss, fine lines, wrinkles, crepey, loose or sagging, hallows, cellulite) of the skin. How does it work? Biostim and biorejuvenation work by injecting small amounts of hyperdilute Radiesse or Sculptra into specific layers of the skin. These injections stimulate the body’s natural type I and III collagen production, which helps to restore volume and improve skin texture and tone. How long does it last? The results of biostim and biorejuvenation can vary, but generally last greater than 18-24 months, often longer. How many treatments will I need? The number of treatments needed depends on the individual and their specific goals. Typically, patients receive 2-3 treatments spaced about 8 weeks apart initially to achieve the desired transformative results. Patients will then return typically for a single maintenance treatment annually. What should I expect after treatment? After treatment, patients may experience some swelling, redness, tenderness or bruising at or below the level of the injection site. These side effects typically subside within a few days. Patients can usually return to their normal activities immediately after treatment. It is important to avoid excessive sun exposure and to use sunscreen to protect the skin.