Source: https://zenregen.influx-dev.com/cosmetic-dermatology/sculptra/
Scraped: 2026-03-09T18:11:13.931Z
------------------------------------------

MAIN CONTENT (Alt tags and videos are marked):

(916) 936-1231 Book Now Cosmetic Services Sculptra

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Sculptra vial and packaging held by gloved hands.]
Sculptra You experience a decrease in volume in the face as you age, are ill, or lose weight. Sculptra restores the skin’s underlying structure, leaving you with a full-face rejuvenation. Sculptra treats deep creases and folds, and improvements are seen gradually but not immediately. Sculptra is a collagen stimulator made of poly-l-lactic acid to improve skin laxity. Sculptra is minimally invasive, and injections of Sculptra stimulate your natural production of collagen. The process occurs over time, helping your face to look natural and youthful. Sculptra does more than fill in volume in your face. The results are more long-lasting and subtle than other dermal fillers since they target collagen rebuilding rather than just filling in spaces. You will need at least three treatments of Sculptra done over a few months. Sculptra treatment gives you a natural-looking, youthful, and refined appearance lasting for two years. Depending on what you are trying to target, this treatment compliments dermal fillers and lasers. CALL NOW

[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Woman holding a blue and silver object.]
[IMAGE: no alt text]
[ALT TAG: Green plant leaves with shadows on a wall]
Are You Ready To Schedule Your Unique Journey? CALL NOW Sculptra Frequently Asked Questions What is Sculptra? Sculptra is a prescription injectable collagen stimulator of poly-L-lactic acid (PLLA). Sculptra triggers collagen production restores lost volume due to aging, illness, or weight changes, and leaves you with rejuvenated skin. How does it work? Sculptra is injected into areas to accelerate the production of collagen and help regain lost volume. With Sculptra, results are gradual and will be visible within 3-4 months. How long do results last? Results often last two to three years. How many treatments will I need? The number of treatments varies. Usually, we suggest three treatments. Is there any downtime? You may experience bruising, redness, or swelling following your treatment. Schedule Sculptra injections two weeks before events to have that full and fresh look.